D:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.exe
D:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.pdb
D:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\obj\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
D:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\obj\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.exe
D:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\obj\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.pdb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\wall.xnb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\player.xnb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\level1.txt
D:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeA.xnb
D:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\level1_place.txt
D:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeB.xnb
D:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeC.xnb
D:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeD.xnb
D:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeE.xnb
D:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeF.xnb
D:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\side.xnb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\kopia2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\player.xnb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\kopia2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\wall.xnb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\kopia2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeA.xnb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\kopia2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeB.xnb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\kopia2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeC.xnb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\kopia2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeD.xnb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\kopia2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeE.xnb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\kopia2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeF.xnb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\kopia2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\side.xnb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\kopia2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\level1.txt
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\kopia2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\level1_place.txt
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\kopia2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.exe
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\kopia2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.pdb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\kopia2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\obj\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\kopia2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\kopia2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\obj\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.exe
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\kopia2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\obj\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.pdb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\kopia2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\ghost.xnb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\kopia2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\Box.xnb
E:\Dokumenty\SZI\kopia2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\player.xnb
E:\Dokumenty\SZI\kopia2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\wall.xnb
E:\Dokumenty\SZI\kopia2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeA.xnb
E:\Dokumenty\SZI\kopia2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeB.xnb
E:\Dokumenty\SZI\kopia2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeC.xnb
E:\Dokumenty\SZI\kopia2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeD.xnb
E:\Dokumenty\SZI\kopia2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeE.xnb
E:\Dokumenty\SZI\kopia2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeF.xnb
E:\Dokumenty\SZI\kopia2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\side.xnb
E:\Dokumenty\SZI\kopia2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\ghost.xnb
E:\Dokumenty\SZI\kopia2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\Box.xnb
E:\Dokumenty\SZI\kopia2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\level1.txt
E:\Dokumenty\SZI\kopia2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\level1_place.txt
E:\Dokumenty\SZI\kopia2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.exe
E:\Dokumenty\SZI\kopia2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.pdb
E:\Dokumenty\SZI\kopia2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
E:\Dokumenty\SZI\kopia2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\obj\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.exe
E:\Dokumenty\SZI\kopia2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\obj\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.pdb
E:\Dokumenty\SZI\kopia2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\FuzzyFramework.dll
E:\Dokumenty\SZI\kopia2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\PolyLib.dll
E:\Dokumenty\SZI\kopia2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\FuzzyFramework.pdb
E:\Dokumenty\SZI\kopia2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\PolyLib.pdb
E:\Dokumenty\SZI\kopia2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\obj\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\player.xnb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\wall.xnb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeA.xnb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeB.xnb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeC.xnb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeD.xnb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeE.xnb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeF.xnb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\side.xnb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\ghost.xnb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\Box.xnb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\level1.txt
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\level1_place.txt
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.exe
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.pdb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\FuzzyFramework.dll
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\PolyLib.dll
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\FuzzyFramework.pdb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\PolyLib.pdb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\obj\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\obj\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.exe
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\obj\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.pdb
C:\Users\Andrzej\Documents\WMI INF\VI Semestr\SZI\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\player.xnb
C:\Users\Andrzej\Documents\WMI INF\VI Semestr\SZI\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\wall.xnb
C:\Users\Andrzej\Documents\WMI INF\VI Semestr\SZI\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeA.xnb
C:\Users\Andrzej\Documents\WMI INF\VI Semestr\SZI\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeB.xnb
C:\Users\Andrzej\Documents\WMI INF\VI Semestr\SZI\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeC.xnb
C:\Users\Andrzej\Documents\WMI INF\VI Semestr\SZI\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeD.xnb
C:\Users\Andrzej\Documents\WMI INF\VI Semestr\SZI\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeE.xnb
C:\Users\Andrzej\Documents\WMI INF\VI Semestr\SZI\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeF.xnb
C:\Users\Andrzej\Documents\WMI INF\VI Semestr\SZI\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\side.xnb
C:\Users\Andrzej\Documents\WMI INF\VI Semestr\SZI\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\Box.xnb
C:\Users\Andrzej\Documents\WMI INF\VI Semestr\SZI\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\ghost.xnb
C:\Users\Andrzej\Documents\WMI INF\VI Semestr\SZI\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\level1.txt
C:\Users\Andrzej\Documents\WMI INF\VI Semestr\SZI\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\level1_place.txt
C:\Users\Andrzej\Documents\WMI INF\VI Semestr\SZI\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.exe
C:\Users\Andrzej\Documents\WMI INF\VI Semestr\SZI\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.pdb
C:\Users\Andrzej\Documents\WMI INF\VI Semestr\SZI\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\FuzzyFramework.dll
C:\Users\Andrzej\Documents\WMI INF\VI Semestr\SZI\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\PolyLib.dll
C:\Users\Andrzej\Documents\WMI INF\VI Semestr\SZI\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\FuzzyFramework.pdb
C:\Users\Andrzej\Documents\WMI INF\VI Semestr\SZI\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\PolyLib.pdb
C:\Users\Andrzej\Documents\WMI INF\VI Semestr\SZI\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\obj\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Andrzej\Documents\WMI INF\VI Semestr\SZI\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
C:\Users\Andrzej\Documents\WMI INF\VI Semestr\SZI\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\obj\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.exe
C:\Users\Andrzej\Documents\WMI INF\VI Semestr\SZI\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\obj\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.pdb
C:\Users\Andrzej\Documents\WMI INF\VI Semestr\SZI\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\sideEdited.xnb
C:\Users\Andrzej\Documents\WMI INF\VI Semestr\SZI\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\CourierWozek.xnb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\fINAL\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\player.xnb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\fINAL\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\wall.xnb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\fINAL\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeA.xnb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\fINAL\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeB.xnb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\fINAL\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeC.xnb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\fINAL\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeD.xnb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\fINAL\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeE.xnb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\fINAL\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeF.xnb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\fINAL\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\side.xnb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\fINAL\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\Box.xnb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\fINAL\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\ghost.xnb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\fINAL\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\sideEdited.xnb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\fINAL\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\CourierWozek.xnb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\fINAL\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\level1.txt
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\fINAL\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\level1_place.txt
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\fINAL\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.exe
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\fINAL\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.pdb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\fINAL\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\FuzzyFramework.dll
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\fINAL\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\PolyLib.dll
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\fINAL\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\FuzzyFramework.pdb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\fINAL\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\PolyLib.pdb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\fINAL\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\obj\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\fINAL\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\fINAL\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\obj\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.exe
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\fINAL\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\obj\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.pdb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\fINAL\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\SpriteFont1.xnb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\fINAL\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\start.xnb
d:\Dokumenty\Programowanie\Projekty\Projekt na SZI\fINAL\v2\v2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\wall2.xnb
C:\Users\Peter\Downloads\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\player.xnb
C:\Users\Peter\Downloads\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\wall.xnb
C:\Users\Peter\Downloads\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeA.xnb
C:\Users\Peter\Downloads\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeB.xnb
C:\Users\Peter\Downloads\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeC.xnb
C:\Users\Peter\Downloads\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeD.xnb
C:\Users\Peter\Downloads\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeE.xnb
C:\Users\Peter\Downloads\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeF.xnb
C:\Users\Peter\Downloads\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\side.xnb
C:\Users\Peter\Downloads\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\Box.xnb
C:\Users\Peter\Downloads\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\ghost.xnb
C:\Users\Peter\Downloads\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\sideEdited.xnb
C:\Users\Peter\Downloads\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\start.xnb
C:\Users\Peter\Downloads\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\wall2.xnb
C:\Users\Peter\Downloads\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\CourierWozek.xnb
C:\Users\Peter\Downloads\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\SpriteFont1.xnb
C:\Users\Peter\Downloads\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\level1.txt
C:\Users\Peter\Downloads\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\level1_place.txt
C:\Users\Peter\Downloads\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.exe
C:\Users\Peter\Downloads\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.pdb
C:\Users\Peter\Downloads\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\FuzzyFramework.dll
C:\Users\Peter\Downloads\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\PolyLib.dll
C:\Users\Peter\Downloads\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\FuzzyFramework.pdb
C:\Users\Peter\Downloads\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\PolyLib.pdb
C:\Users\Peter\Downloads\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\obj\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Peter\Downloads\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
C:\Users\Peter\Downloads\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\obj\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.exe
C:\Users\Peter\Downloads\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\obj\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.pdb
C:\Users\Peter\Desktop\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\player.xnb
C:\Users\Peter\Desktop\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\wall.xnb
C:\Users\Peter\Desktop\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeA.xnb
C:\Users\Peter\Desktop\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeB.xnb
C:\Users\Peter\Desktop\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeC.xnb
C:\Users\Peter\Desktop\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeD.xnb
C:\Users\Peter\Desktop\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeE.xnb
C:\Users\Peter\Desktop\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeF.xnb
C:\Users\Peter\Desktop\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\side.xnb
C:\Users\Peter\Desktop\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\Box.xnb
C:\Users\Peter\Desktop\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\ghost.xnb
C:\Users\Peter\Desktop\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\sideEdited.xnb
C:\Users\Peter\Desktop\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\start.xnb
C:\Users\Peter\Desktop\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\wall2.xnb
C:\Users\Peter\Desktop\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\CourierWozek.xnb
C:\Users\Peter\Desktop\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\SpriteFont1.xnb
C:\Users\Peter\Desktop\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\level1.txt
C:\Users\Peter\Desktop\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\level1_place.txt
C:\Users\Peter\Desktop\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.exe
C:\Users\Peter\Desktop\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.pdb
C:\Users\Peter\Desktop\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\FuzzyFramework.dll
C:\Users\Peter\Desktop\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\PolyLib.dll
C:\Users\Peter\Desktop\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\FuzzyFramework.pdb
C:\Users\Peter\Desktop\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\PolyLib.pdb
C:\Users\Peter\Desktop\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\obj\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Peter\Desktop\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
C:\Users\Peter\Desktop\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\obj\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.exe
C:\Users\Peter\Desktop\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\obj\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.pdb
C:\Users\Peter\Dropbox\zajecia\si\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\obj\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Peter\Dropbox\zajecia\si\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
C:\Users\Peter\Dropbox\zajecia\si\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\obj\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.exe
C:\Users\Peter\Dropbox\zajecia\si\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\obj\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.pdb
C:\Users\Peter\Dropbox\zajecia\si\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\player.xnb
C:\Users\Peter\Dropbox\zajecia\si\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\wall.xnb
C:\Users\Peter\Dropbox\zajecia\si\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeA.xnb
C:\Users\Peter\Dropbox\zajecia\si\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeB.xnb
C:\Users\Peter\Dropbox\zajecia\si\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeC.xnb
C:\Users\Peter\Dropbox\zajecia\si\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeD.xnb
C:\Users\Peter\Dropbox\zajecia\si\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeE.xnb
C:\Users\Peter\Dropbox\zajecia\si\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeF.xnb
C:\Users\Peter\Dropbox\zajecia\si\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\side.xnb
C:\Users\Peter\Dropbox\zajecia\si\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\Box.xnb
C:\Users\Peter\Dropbox\zajecia\si\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\ghost.xnb
C:\Users\Peter\Dropbox\zajecia\si\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\sideEdited.xnb
C:\Users\Peter\Dropbox\zajecia\si\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\start.xnb
C:\Users\Peter\Dropbox\zajecia\si\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\wall2.xnb
C:\Users\Peter\Dropbox\zajecia\si\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\CourierWozek.xnb
C:\Users\Peter\Dropbox\zajecia\si\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\SpriteFont1.xnb
C:\Users\Peter\Dropbox\zajecia\si\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\level1.txt
C:\Users\Peter\Dropbox\zajecia\si\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\level1_place.txt
C:\Users\Peter\Dropbox\zajecia\si\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.exe
C:\Users\Peter\Dropbox\zajecia\si\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.pdb
C:\Users\Peter\Dropbox\zajecia\si\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\FuzzyFramework.dll
C:\Users\Peter\Dropbox\zajecia\si\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\PolyLib.dll
C:\Users\Peter\Dropbox\zajecia\si\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\FuzzyFramework.pdb
C:\Users\Peter\Dropbox\zajecia\si\v2.2\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\PolyLib.pdb
\\files\students\s362686\Desktop\v2.2\projektszi\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\player.xnb
\\files\students\s362686\Desktop\v2.2\projektszi\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\wall.xnb
\\files\students\s362686\Desktop\v2.2\projektszi\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeA.xnb
\\files\students\s362686\Desktop\v2.2\projektszi\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeB.xnb
\\files\students\s362686\Desktop\v2.2\projektszi\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeC.xnb
\\files\students\s362686\Desktop\v2.2\projektszi\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeD.xnb
\\files\students\s362686\Desktop\v2.2\projektszi\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeE.xnb
\\files\students\s362686\Desktop\v2.2\projektszi\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\placeF.xnb
\\files\students\s362686\Desktop\v2.2\projektszi\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\side.xnb
\\files\students\s362686\Desktop\v2.2\projektszi\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\Box.xnb
\\files\students\s362686\Desktop\v2.2\projektszi\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\ghost.xnb
\\files\students\s362686\Desktop\v2.2\projektszi\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\sideEdited.xnb
\\files\students\s362686\Desktop\v2.2\projektszi\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\start.xnb
\\files\students\s362686\Desktop\v2.2\projektszi\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\GFX\wall2.xnb
\\files\students\s362686\Desktop\v2.2\projektszi\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\CourierWozek.xnb
\\files\students\s362686\Desktop\v2.2\projektszi\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\SpriteFont1.xnb
\\files\students\s362686\Desktop\v2.2\projektszi\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\level1.txt
\\files\students\s362686\Desktop\v2.2\projektszi\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\Content\level1_place.txt
\\files\students\s362686\Desktop\v2.2\projektszi\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.exe
\\files\students\s362686\Desktop\v2.2\projektszi\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.pdb
\\files\students\s362686\Desktop\v2.2\projektszi\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\FuzzyFramework.dll
\\files\students\s362686\Desktop\v2.2\projektszi\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\PolyLib.dll
\\files\students\s362686\Desktop\v2.2\projektszi\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\FuzzyFramework.pdb
\\files\students\s362686\Desktop\v2.2\projektszi\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\bin\x86\Debug\PolyLib.pdb
\\files\students\s362686\Desktop\v2.2\projektszi\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\obj\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
\\files\students\s362686\Desktop\v2.2\projektszi\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
\\files\students\s362686\Desktop\v2.2\projektszi\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\obj\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.exe
\\files\students\s362686\Desktop\v2.2\projektszi\ProjektSZI\ProjektSZI\obj\x86\Debug\ProjektSZI.pdb
